Add CLI autocomplete instructions for Bash (#257)
LangStream/langstream: README.md

  ```  

### Enable auto-completion
Installing directly the binary will enable auto-completion for the CLI. 

> If you installed the CLI with Homebrew, you can enable it with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed the CLI with Homebrew, you can enable auto-completion with the following command:
```
